Add setFSTagName option for mobile (#142)
fullstorydev/fullstory-babel-plugin-annotate-react: README.md

This is a Babel plugin that annotates React components with stable attributes that can be used to search and select using [FullStory](https://www.fullstory.com/). This is most useful when using a React system that generates dynamic names for Components or rearranges elements.

> For React on the web the attributes are `data-component`, `data-element`, and `data-source-file`. For React Native the attributes are `dataComponent`, `dataElement`, and `dataSourceFile`, or [`fsTagName`](https://developer.fullstory.com/mobile/react-native/auto-capture/set-tag-name/) and `dataSourceFile` with `setFSTagName` enabled.

Reviewer: This change makes it really confusing. I recommend an expanded explanation in the React Native section below. 

`fsTagName` is set in the same way as `fsAttribute` and `fsClass`. To mention `fsTagName` here and mentioning `dataSourceFile` twice makes it really confusing.

Author: Maybe 
```suggestion
For React on the web the attributes are `data-component`, `data-element`, and `data-source-file`. For React Native the attributes are `fsTagName` and `dataSourceFile`.

(In backwards compatibility mode, the React Native attributes are `dataComponent`, `dataElement`, and `dataSourceFile`.)
```

And then below we could describe omitting `fsTagName` as "backwards compatibility mode". What do you think?

Reviewer: The section right below this has a web example of how this plugin will change the JS output. In my opinion, keeping the copy the same will be less confusing. 

The reason is, without our new `setFSTagName`, native rewrites behave very similarly to web, and the web example gives readers a good idea on how this plugin works, because in their head they are thinking `dataComponent`, `dataElement`, and `dataSourceFile` maps to the web attributes.

When we introduce `fsTagName` as an attribute, and introduce the concept of "backward compatibility mode", in my opinion that's very confusing, and React Native users won't see the web example as an accurate portrayal of what's happening in the plugin.

I believe keeping this description the same, and introducing `setFSTagName` in its own section below all this, will avoid this confusion. Users will understand what this plugin is doing without `setFSTagName`. And once they read about `setFSTagName` they will better understand what is changing with this new setting.

      <h1>Hello world</h1>
    </div>

## React Native

To activate React Native support you must pass in a `native` plugin option like so:

    plugins: [
      ["@fullstory/babel-plugin-annotate-react", { native: true }]
    ]

### React Native with FullStory 

> When using this library with [FullStory for Mobile Apps](https://www.fullstory.com/platform/mobile-apps/), we recommend setting `setFSTagName: true` to generate better privacy selectors by setting [`fsTagName`](https://developer.fullstory.com/mobile/react-native/auto-capture/set-tag-name/) rather than `dataElement` and `dataComponent`.

Reviewer: Suggested copy:

When using this library with [FullStory for Mobile Apps](https://www.fullstory.com/platform/mobile-apps/), we recommend setting `setFSTagName: true` to generate better privacy selectors. This setting will automatically set [`fsTagName`](https://developer.fullstory.com/mobile/react-native/auto-capture/set-tag-name/) with the value of `dataElement` or `dataComponent`, which will truncate the privacy selector and avoid duplicate naming.

Example:
* Before `RCTSafeAreaView[data-source-file="App.tsx"][data-element="SafeAreaView"][data-component="App"]`
* After `App[data-source-file="App.tsx"]`

(I hope this example is accurate).

We should probably put this `setFSTagName` setting in its own subtitle. Not sure why we added `React Native with FullStory` as it's a given that this plugin is only used with FullStory. We can just rename this section and dedicate it to describing this new setting.

      <h1>Hello world</h1>
    </div>

## React Native

To activate React Native support you must pass in a `native` plugin option like so:

    plugins: [
      ["@fullstory/babel-plugin-annotate-react", { native: true }]
    ]

### React Native with FullStory 

> When using this library with [FullStory for Mobile Apps](https://www.fullstory.com/platform/mobile-apps/), we recommend setting the `componentAttribute` and `elementAttribute` options both to `'fsTagName'` to generate better privacy selectors. 

Reviewer 2: nit: add link to `fsTagName`

```suggestion
When using this library with [FullStory for Mobile Apps](https://www.fullstory.com/platform/mobile-apps/), we recommend setting the `componentAttribute` and `elementAttribute` options both to [`'fsTagName'`](https://help.fullstory.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052419133-Getting-Started-with-FullStory-React-Native-Capture#01GRMBR5FK3R89ZQQ9F3V6Z5RB) to generate better privacy selectors. 
```

Author: Yeah, that's a good idea.

Also, https://help.fullstory.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052419133-Getting-Started-with-FullStory-React-Native-Capture#01GRMBR5FK3R89ZQQ9F3V6Z5RB and https://developer.fullstory.com/mobile/react-native/auto-capture/set-tag-name/ should really link to eachother.

⚠️ Important: Existing FullStory privacy selectors and defined elements may need to be updated if the app was previously published without `componentAttribute` and `elementAttribute` set.
<!-- todo: write up a KB article to walk customers through transitioning to `fsTagName` if they have pre-existing privacy selectors or defined elements; link to it here -->

    plugins: [
      '@fullstory/react-native',

>       ["@fullstory/annotate-react", {

Author: Should this be "@fullstory/annotate-react" or "@fullstory/babel-plugin-annotate-react"? It seems to work either way; maybe we should use the longer name for clarity?

```suggestion
      ["@fullstory/babel-plugin-annotate-react", {
```

Author: Yeah, I'd lean towards the long version, but I don't feel very strongly about it. Which one do you think is more idiomatic?

Reviewer: From babel's [docs](https://babeljs.io/docs/options#name-normalization) it's hinted that they added "name normalization" specifically so we can avoid prefixing `babel-plugin` every time. In their own docs they lean towards excluding the prefix.

I vote leaving off the prefix.
